Hi folks, welcome back to Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to a movie titled: Piranha.
Be aware, there are spoilers!
The movie begins with an old fisherman named
Matty Boyd alone on his boat on an isolated
part of the lake.
He is clearly feeling relaxed and reaches
for a beer.
Next, as a fish bites on his bait, rocking
the boat, the bottle falls into the water
and drifts to the bottom of the lake.
As it comes to rest, an earthquake occurs.
This causes a sizable split to open up in
the lake floor, which creates a whirlpool.
A swarm of hungry piranha emerge from a newly-exposed
prehistoric lake below.
He is unable to start his boat and falls into
the lake to be eaten by the fish.
Our final glimpse of him is a ragged, heavily
gnawed and bloody hand that quickly disappears
below the surface.
Back in the town, the streets are alive with
spring break holiday makers looking to party.
Jake Forester makes his way through the traffic
on a scooter, en route to pick up his younger
siblings Zane and Laura.
He is then distracted by the presence of a
former crush, Kelly.
The two of them are busy catching up when
her boyfriend, Todd, and his friend arrive
in a Jeep.
Todd presses Kelly to hurry up, heavily mocks
Jake and ultimately throws his drink over
him before driving away.
Embarrassed, Jake walks over to collect the
youngsters, to be greeted by Danni, an aspiring
actress.
She compliments him on his Pixies t-shirt.
He assumes her to be joking with him, but
she turns out to be friendly.
As they are striking up a rapport, a wannabe
filmmaker Derrick Jones arrives.
Upon learning that Jake is a local, Derrick
convinces him to join his crew as a guide.
Later that night, we watch as Jake’s mum
- the town’s sheriff Julie - and her Deputy
Fallon search for Matty Boyd.
As they attempt to haul in his boat, which
has come to nestle among some reeds, his heavily
mutilated body rises to the surface.
In shock, they consider whether they could
possibly close the lake, given the presence
of thousands of visitors already in the town
and the economic importance of this holiday.
The next day on a fishing excursion, Jake
offers to pay his younger brother and sister
to stay at home in order that he can join
Derrick and Danni on their boat.
His sister proves a tough negotiator and demands
60 dollars to do so - 20 more than Jake himself
was due to make from babysitting.
He accepts the deal, but heavily insists they
cannot use the phone, answer the door or leave
the house.
Back in the town, the quayside is a hive of
activity, with hundreds of young people drinking,
dancing and ready to party.
At the centre of this are Danni and her co-star
in Derrick’s forthcoming movie, Crystal.
They are dancing in a provocative manner,
to the delight of the crowd.
Before climbing aboard the boat to join them,
Jake runs into Kelly.
Derrick, who clearly finds her attractive,
persuades her to abandon her boyfriend and
join the party.
He promises her champagne if she does so.
Elsewhere, it soon becomes clear that Jake’s
plan for his younger siblings is not panning
out.
They have defied his orders and set off for
a nearby island together in a long, red canoe.
Unfortunately, as they are walking around
the island the canoe drifts away and they
are unable to recover it.
As a result, they attempt to hail a passing
boat but they fail to attract the attention
of those on board.
During one of these attempts, Laura cuts her
foot on some trash lying on the seabed and
begins to bleed.
Meanwhile, following a report of seismic activity
below the surface, a team of experts have
arrived to investigate.
They are escorted to the site of the earthquake
aboard Julie’s launch.
When they arrive the two divers, Paula and
Sam, descend into the depths.
Sam forges ahead and forces himself through
a tight gap and into the prehistoric lake.
He is able to make out the eggs of the piranhas
but is quickly attacked and overpowered by
a group of them.
Paula soon meets a similar fate, but is pulled
to the surface and onto the boat by a third
member of the team, Novak.
Both he and Julie are shocked to discover
she is no longer alive.
Much of her skin and an eye have been consumed
by the predators below.
Not too far away, Kelly and Jake are still
enjoying the company of Derrick and his crew.
With the drinks flowing, Kelly is persuaded
to take a tequila shot with Crystal and the
two share a kiss.
Jake is also invited to join the fun, but
at the moment he is about to take a slice
of lemon from Kelly’s mouth.
Just then, she rushes to the side of the boat
to vomit.
She is clearly drunk and struggling to keep
pace with the others.
Back on land, Novak and Julie take a solitary
piranha they have captured to the home of
Carl Goodman, a retired marine biologist.
Having poured the fish into a tank, Carl immediately
recognizes it and compares it to a fossil.
He explains to the others that this species
has been extinct for over 2 million years.
They speculate how it may have survived for
so long below the surface without a food source.
Carl asserts that this is probably due to
cannibalism, pointing out the scratches and
scrapes scarring the fish in his tank as evidence
for this.
Now certain of the danger facing those out
on the lake, Julie leads her group back to
the docks to try and disperse them.
Fallon fires his gun into the air in an attempt
to silence the crowd so he can audibly instruct
them to leave, but the lull in the music is
only momentary and the party continues.
Hundreds of the college students completely
ignore his pleas and plunge into the water.
Carnage ensues as scores of them are either
killed or maimed by both the piranhas themselves
and several accidents that occur as a result
of the chaos.
Further out on the lake, Derrick and his cameraman
Andy, with support from Jake, have been filming
Danni and Crystal cavorting around in the
water.
Derrick, who has been drinking heavily, is
irritated to see Jake stop filming, but Jake
has spotted Laura and Zane on a nearby island.
Derrick is initially reluctant to help them
for fear of missing out on the action back
in the town.
However, he soon changes his mind when he
learns that Jake’s mother is the Sheriff
of the town.
With Andy at the helm, they make it over to
collect the kids, but the propeller of the
boat becomes stuck.
As they attempt to release it, some rocks
below the surface smash the boat’s glass
bottom that they’d been using to film the
girls swimming underwater.
The force of the impact tosses Andy, Crystal
and Derrick into the water, where they are
immediately set upon by the predatory school
of fish.
Derrick makes it out, but is delirious as
most of his lower half has been eaten away.
Meanwhile, with the water gushing in and the
boat sinking Kelly cannot make it out.
She is forced to take shelter on a worktop,
trapped below deck.
Back in the town, hundreds of stunned and
injured partiers are still trying to make
it to safety.
Deputy Fallon begins shooting the fish in
an effort to assist.
He runs out of cartridges and picks up an
outboard motor instead.
He attacks the fish that are surrounding him
with it, slicing many of them up.
The water turns red with both their blood
and his own.
Eventually they overpower him and he succumbs
to them.
Time is of the essence for Kelly, but help
is on its way.
Julie and Novak arrive on a smaller boat and
Julie manages to clamber on to the bigger
vessel by rope, desperate to help her children.
Jake, however, refuses to leave Kelly, announcing
that she wouldn’t be there if it wasn’t
for him.
The kids follow Danni onto the rope.
With their mum at the rear, the four of them
begin to make their way towards Novak.
Danni’s long hair is seen dangling precariously,
just above the surface of the water.
This gives the piranhas a chance to attack
and she is dragged into her death.
The others make it across.
Over the bigger boat, the resourceful Jake
realizes he can use Derrick’s corpse to
distract the piranhas.
After Derrick utters some rather confused
last words, Jake tosses his body into the
water.
He uses this diversion to swim under the water
and join Kelly, still clutching the rope.
Once inside, he sets off some canisters of
gas and tells Kelly to tie two flares together.
They emerge from the boat and instruct Novak
to tow them to safety.
As he desperately tries to start his engine,
the school of fish closes in on the pair.
Jake sees this and wraps his arms around Kelly
to protect her.
The engine springs back into life and the
smaller boat powers away, with Jake and Kelly
in tow.
Meanwhile, the flares cause the propane gas
to release to set alight, creating a huge
explosion in which thousands of the piranhas
are killed.
Once sufficiently far away from the fish,
the couple are reeled in and climb on board
the smaller craft.
They are still alive and in reasonable shape,
although Jake has some blood on his back,
seeping through his t-shirt.The relief doesn’t
last too long, however, as Carl Goodman rings
them up with news.
He has discovered the fish in his tank are
yet to develop reproductive organs.
It is merely a baby.
Before this information can be fully processed,
in our last view of the lake, Kovak is snatched
from the boat by one of the adult piranhas.
It is enormous.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notifications.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!